WHAT DOES IT guys and we'll come back.
So now you can see that we are totally on the menus and other stuff and this is how we're looking right
here.
So I basically want to change the font of this instead of getting a logo.
I want to change the font because it is my personal web site and I don't think so if logo is going to
look great.
So I'm just going to go to change the font right here and work with it.
So basically we have the home page settings right now he can see that we have our home page to be this
and a blog which to be this.
And now here we have to move on mid-channel options so in the general options we have the general styling
we have primary color or primary color or main water color.
We have our side background Bactrim to mange and Lincs color.
So we don't have to work for this right now.
We will first design our Web site right here the main can then real designer whole website and then
we will be working up a journal stating so we have general settings as well.
We don't have to work for this right now.
OK.
I'm going to go back in here we have the title right here so we don't have to work on it as well.
So I'm going to go back and this is the one that we have.
Scroll to the top.
We don't have to work with the settings right now.
I'm going to go back I'm going to go to the topography basically.
And here we have the general setting so we have the font subsets we have the body and we have to basically
we want to work with a logo in the body section.
We're going to be using a plugin to make everything look amazing.
But first we have to work with the logo so we have the logo right here.
This is basically a text I want to change the font to be amazing so I'm going to go ahead I'm going
to choose this and I'm going to go down this using your keyboard to change your font.
So then your funds are going to be changed.
And when you click this
so choose a fund that suits your self.
Basically when you are creating your own personal lives saved.
Just try to be yourself.
OK.
So let's go down let's go down this looks crazy.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to just increase the font size.
OK.
And the line height should be decreased a bit.
And I'm going to increase the font size.
There you go.
I'm going to increase a little bit of hate.
What does line hide.
Basically you can see that if you increase it you can see the page sizes increasing.
So this is basically called line height that how much height you want to get from this side and this
site.
OK.
This is called The Lion's Head So let's suppose that this is a line.
And how much size height you want to get from here to here and I could see that your side is already
gaining some stuff.
OK.
So these are really looking amazing.
So I'm going to just to create a bit of line height.
OK.
And then we have the letter spacing how much spacing you want to give.
So I don't think so if I need to give so much space.
Zero is better.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
We are done with this section.
We're done with this section and not come here.
Let's go back and let's come here to the bar.
So here in the Tabar we have to go to the general and we have to enable the toolbars.
If you want to enable the section you can enable it and you wanted to go with the tool full.
So if you wanted to tell to be full that you can also set it to I can see that this is now full that
I'm going to select this because I want it to be a Bogside
and it will be shown on all devices.
If you want to hide on mobile devices you can also hide it.
OK.
I'm going to go back.
I'm going to go with the content.
And here we go.
So I need to content based my concentrate here I need to basically add something.
So first of all I want to add the phone number.
So for phone number I need an icon.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit phone icon H.T. a male funda awesome.
OK.
Fun.
Awesome.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit this and her I have the fun.
Awesome.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to basically copy this.
So this is the I've said this is fun awesome that I if you want to add any font what you have to do
you have just come here.
OK.
And then you have to is this search.
OK let's come here to icons.
And here you can search.
OK.
So if you want to add a phone inserted in there you go you can add any of the phone icon so you can
get any phone icon.
I'm going to go hit.
I need just basically this icon.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit copy.
Oh.
Basically I want to select all and I'm going to copy this.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it here you go.
This is coming right here.
And after that I have to turn my phone numbers.
That is going to be a plus one two three plus two tables free little 3 7
0 3 5 2 9 7.
OK.
So you can see that I have added to my phone number.
I'm going to had some give some space.
OK.
This is looking cool.
Now I need e-mail.
So I'm going to go to Icahn's back and I need to search your e-mail.
OK.
And here you can add any of the envelope icon.
So
I need this one
him here.
And let's face that after that.
So I need to give some more spacing
how to give this b.s. and and BSP
OK.
So you basically need to enter this and be espie to give more speccing if you want.
This is a code basically used for giving some more space OK.
And now here is the envelope.
I need to enter my e-mail address so this should be info at the rate I then Ziel dotcom I need to give
one single spacing right here.
OK this looks school if you want to add that dark envelope you can also add that dark envelopes.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to send this e-mail because that is not matching my site because I have
used the dark one right here.
I should be using the dark one right here as well.
OK.
I was going want to remove this.
All right here.
So this is now dark.
So this is how do we have the phone number here.
And we have the e-mail address so everything is looking cool still here.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right here so you can
see that this is how my website is designed.
Everything is ready from here toolbar.
We can color it any any how we want.
We can change the color we can change the link color the background color text color and everything.
So if you want to change the background color I can just come here or you can use it to be dark blue.
And here we go.
We can just come here to now text Giller I mean ingenius to be white.
So you can see how this is looking.
So this is how you can change it.
But we will be moving on this later on and we will design a website completely but I think this is already
looking cool.
So just leave it.
OK let's go back and then we have the social icons so we can show our social icons right here if you
want to show.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to add Twitter for Twitter.
I'm going to add a hash.
So you have to create your social profiles and then you can add them.
So here as well Facebook Google Plus and Instagram Ellington.
OK let's go back.
Let's go to the channel options and we have the link so you can choose the link as well.
I'm going to select this to be white as well.
OK.
The border color should be white.
And here we go.
You can see how this is looking.
So now let's go back and let's go to social right here.
So for social things I think I should choose it to be Plock or
I think black looks cool or we can also go with the purple purple is not looking cool.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to head black.
Or yes black and on over it should turn to white.
So now you're going to see how this has got.
So if I just bring memos.
It is changing to white.
So you can see how amazing this is looking OK.
You can shift it.
You can make this black and you can make this white
you can see how this is changing.
So this is giving a creative fictitiously of this.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and I can see that we are totally done with the
Tabar.
We're also done with the menu bar and now we have to work on the content area.
So seemed like that we have our Hetter in the head or we can manage everything from here.
OK maybe you'll be doing that after.
And we will design this or just field design this header section right here and then we'll design this
so stadium guys and bely.